What are you doing? Why don't you leave quickly? It's his hand.
Do you still have time to think about it?
I'm not bringing security here to do a quick job.
Isn’t it candy at first? Are you so smart?
If you don’t have money to eat, go here to escape the bill.
My boyfriend is the owner of this store
I basically think that he and Quncha belong to you.
Stop working a lousy part-time job
What magnetism
It's a white dog here
This is a man
I haven't seen it
We used to work as assistants for a little star.
I came and he climbed onto the starlet
Firm foot daddy's bed
You realize that your life is enough for me
Just target me
This is you and there's more
You want to survive
You don’t want to choose now